---
layout: post
title: "Passion, doing what you love"
localgov: true
tag:
meta: ""
image: ""
---

Recently I've been listening to the [Working Out](http://workingoutpodcast.com/) podcast, I'll admit that for a while I've not made the time to keep up with the latest banter from [Ashley](https://twitter.com/iamashley) and [Paddy](https://twitter.com/paddydonnelly) but after a bit of a break I've been using the backlog of episodes to get me through sessions at the gym and I'm finally back up to date.

Episode [#16](http://workingoutpodcast.com/2014/08/20/16-the-what-in-do-what-you-love.html) asked questions about the 'what' in what you're passionate about and it got me both excited and confused at the same time.

I'm lucky, I've always been pretty good at most things I turn my hand to. I can pick things up quickly but that doesn't mean I find it easy. As I go about my days learning new things I've realised that above all I care about things; fairness, purpose, morality, people, function, form, they're all things that I would say I'm passionate about but as far as I understand it, none of them are 'passions' in a typical sense.

I know people that are brilliant designers, photographers, athletes, all sorts. Most of them are pretty hardcore people, hard working, smart and always 'buzzing' with some idea or other for their so-called passion. That's just the thing, if you've got a specific skill I think it's quite easy to define or describe what your passion is, for me, it doens't feel that way.

Interestingly I spoke to my Dad about this, he's a firefighter and as long as I've been alive he's always been a firefighter. Some would say he loves his job, once upon a time that would've been true but I started to see some similarities between me and my Dad. We both care about people. My Dad's job literally involves saving peoples lives


Skype chat with Kitty

"I don't have a passion" that's probably not quite true - I don't feel like I have a passion. 
